Liam answered his front door. Outside, standing in the fog, Greg waited in
a tailored black suit. A bright, striped tie hung from his neck which clashed
with the conservationism of what Liam presumed with Greg’s interview suit.
Liam, who was only half ready for the grim occasion, considered his old
friend’s appearance against his planned consume for the day’s proceedings
before inviting him in. He would maybe be under dressed for the occasion, as he
hadn’t deliberately looked for his only tie, a purple affair, and when he tried
his suit’s trousers on earlier they’d failed to fit comfortably. 
He only had one suit and he’d been bought it for his university graduation and
job interviews fifteen years ago. The Black jeans he wore would be acceptable
as he hadn’t worn that suit for a job interview for years. 
“Coffee?” Liam asked, leading the way into the living room.
“No thanks. I bought one while I was taking the kid to nursery,” Greg said. He
unbuckled his face mask and let the black air filter hang around his neck on
its fabric straps. 
“Don’t mind the cat. He’ll probably sit on you in a few minutes,” Liam said,
and pointed to the marmalade cat sniffing Greg’s feet. “You’re not special,
he’s just uninhibited. I’ll be a few minutes while I finish getting ready.” 
“That’s fine,” Greg said. “There’s plenty of time until Richard’s funeral. How
longs the drive?”
“About an hour if the traffic’s good, the weather holds out, and we don’t run
into a long run of road trains,” Liam said. After he finished his morning
coffee he walked into the galley kitchen, past filled washing baskets, and put
his empty mug on the counter beside the sink. It would be washed later, but
probably not by him. Liam felt a slight guilt at creating extra work for his
partner, however returned to the living room without acting on it. 
“Everything I need to put in the car, like proper shoes and my jacket, is in
the other room,” Liam said.  “I’m driving like this and putting proper stuff on
when we get there. More comfortable that way.” 
“Don’t blame you,” Greg said, lifting the cat off his lap. “I’m just
a passenger today, so it’s easy.”
 Liam started the cautious drive west out of the city and onto the gloom
covered motorways. They travelled at seventy in the middle lane with the road
trains to their left and the reckless on their right. 
“How’s work?” Liam said, breaking the silence.
“It’s fine. The usual stuff really. Applying a little human judgement to what
the learning system produces and tweaking the input data so it doesn’t start
producing terabytes of dog shit data,” Greg said. He went back to reading his
phone. Liam glanced at the screen on Greg’s lap and saw a thread of messages
with between Greg and his partner. “How’s yours?” 
“Mostly the same story. Not a lot happening. Just keeping some human warmth in
the building while everything is automated away from us. I spend most of my
time working on open source projects just to keep myself awake.” 
“Cool. I spend a lot of time mudding,” Greg said.
“That’s very old school,” Liam said. “Same one that you played back in the
day?”
“Yep.”
 “It’s good that some things don’t change.”
They drove in silence for another junction. After switching into the right hand
lane to let a road train rearrange itself, Liam broke the silence again. The
drive was monotonous and his companion too stoic.   “When did you last meet
Richard? I hadn’t seen him since we graduated.” 
“Years ago. We invited him to our wedding, but he didn’t come,” Greg said.
In time Liam eased the speed off and merged into a passing gap between road
trains. He pulled the car off the motorway and onto the narrow West Midland
roads. The clouds still hugged the ground and surrounded them during the drive
along the hedgerow corridor towards the edge of the Birmingham conihbation.
“Have you been here before?” Greg said.
“Once, for some training years ago. I can’t remember what the course was now,”
Liam said. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Do you know where we are going?” 
“There’s a short stay car park. Richard’s brother said the church was ten
minutes from the centre.” 
“Yeah, his mum apologized for it being in a rough area,” Greg said. 
“We’ll see,” Liam said, as he pulled into a parking space wide enough for
a manual driver.
